# File Unzipper for ITP-115
#### Rationale
___
This script is to help make grading easier for TAs of the USC class ITP-115. When downloading student assignments from blackboard, you are given a nastily formatted, nested zip file that can sometimes take 10-15 minutes to finish unzipping manually and can get very confusing. This python script unzips it for you and organizes the assignments neatly so they can be graded quickly.
#### File Structure
___
The program generates a number of folders: 
```
Assignment X        // Name this dir whatever you want
│   FileUnzipper.py             // This script
│   MasterFromBlackboard.zip      
│   logfile.txt                 // Generated by the script
|
└───AllLeftoverFiles
│   └───StudentFiles // All student zips are unzipped into here
│       |   misc
│       │   ...
|    
|   └───StudentZips   // Main zip file unzipped into here
│       │   student1Zip.zip
│       │   student1Info.txt
|       |   ...
|   
|   └───ReadyToGrade    // Program searches thru 'StudentFiles' 
│       │   student1dir    // sorts them in here
│       │   student2dir
│       │   ...
```
#### How To Run
___
Simply create a new folder for the assignment/lab you need to grade, place the master zip file and this script inside the folder and run the script. The comments go into more detail.

#### Config and Log
___
You can change the functionality of the script by changing a few of the global variables (sorry Rob). 
- **ACCEPTED_FORMATS** contains a list of the file types that the program will move into the 'ReadyToGrade' folder. Add/remove to the list as needed.
- **DELIVERABLE_TYPE** allows you to select the structure of the 'ReadyToGrade' folder. Setting it to 'A' creates a subfolder inside ReadyToGrade for each student that all relevant files are moved to, works well for assignments with multiple files. Setting it to 'L' doesn't create this folders, works well for labs or other single file submissions.

### Notes
___
This script is likely to break if you run it on zip files that are formatted or named differently to what Blackboard generates. Feel free to send me an email for any questions.
